* Whoo *
* Here we go, oh, oh, oh *
* Oh, oh, oh! *
Grandpa, did you bring me
any more candy?
Mom...
Oh, God.
Burt.
Maw Maw got into the candy.
Hang on, I'm in the middle
of something.
Mommy, are we going
trick-or-treating?
Maybe.
Ooh.
But first go out
on the porch.
It's your turn to look out
for Japanese planes.
Sorry,
I was chasing down a fly.
I got it.
(fly buzzing)
You were supposed
to be watching Maw Maw.
You know when she eats too much
sugar, she gets all worked up
and thinks
she's nine years old again.
I like nine-year-old Maw Maw.
We play jacks.
Hey, Jimmy,
come here.
Look what I got.
(chuckles)
Hmm? Let's scare Hope
with it.
What? Why would we
do that?
BURT:
It's her first Halloween?
She's seven
months old.
She gets scared when
somebody sneezes.
I'm not gonna try and scare
her with a little skull.
Come on, let me scare her
just a little bit.
No, geez, you're worse than
that man with the scary mask
who lives around
the block.
I wonder if he's going
to be out this year.
I hate Halloween.
It started when I was three,
and I had a really great
costume as MC Lil J.
Then my Halloween was ruined
by some jerk that lives
in our neighborhood.
(screaming)
Aw.
And I ended up spending
most of the night
clutching onto my father,
terrified.
Even as I got bigger, that guy
would still freak me out.
(can clatters)
(screaming on television)
You taking Hope
trick-or-treating tonight?
(stammering)
Uh, no, I think
Hope's a little young
to be trick-or-treating and
yeah, I'm not really
a big Halloween guy.
Burt, you got
to tell him.
Shh, dah-dah-dah-dah-dah-dah...
It's about the scary man
in the mask.
What about the scary man
in the mask?
Did you find out
who it is?
Because we can
call the cops.
Burt...
Fine.
There is no man
in the mask.
Is it a ghost?
No, it's not a ghost.
So adorable.
JIMMY:
What the hell
is wrong with you?
Why would you torture me
like that?
The hugs.
I did it for the hugs!
What?
When you hugged your mother,
you always gave her
these great, tight,
squeezy hugs.
When you'd hug me,
it was weak.
It was like getting whacked
in the neck
with a couple pieces
of spaghetti.
VIRGINIA:
It's true.
You used to give him
some really crappy hugs.
He deserved better.
BURT: So what do you say?
Could I just scare her
just a little bit?
No!
Come on,
I want her to start
hugging me.
You stay away
from my daughter.
You're forbidden to be around
my daughter on Halloween.
You're a monster.
Seriously, there's something
wrong with you.
I like to be loved, Jimmy.
It's called
being a human being.
* *
BARNEY (over P.A.):
Attention, shoppers,
just a friendly reminder--
there are no bikes
allowed in the store.
Thank you. Happy Halloween.
Jimmy.
Fine, no, it's fine.
(scoffs)
Hey,
No, you know what?
It's fine. I said,
"It's fine, " Wyatt.
I don't know how to say
"it's fine" any nicer than that.
Bye.
(phone beeps)
Oh, hey.
Oh, hey, what's up?
Oh, we're out of candy.
Maw Maw ate it all.
She's on a sugar bender.
She even ate a candle
that smells
like a chocolate chip cookie,
so...
Are you okay?
(sighs)
I'm fine.
It's stupid.
It's just one of the deli
guys is having
a Halloween
party tonight, and Wyatt
was supposed to come into town
for it and now he's not.
You don't think
he's cheating, do you?
What?
Hmm?
No. No, it's just...
Oh.
It's not that big of a deal.
It's just, Halloween is, like,
one of my favorite holidays,
and we're supposed to
be going as
Batman and Robin,
and now I'm just Robin.
(sighs)
I'm going to look
like an idiot.
Whatever,
this isn't your problem.
Thanks for letting me vent.
Wait....
BARNEY (over PA):
Just another friendly reminder
that we appreciate
your business,
but we can't allow bicycles
in the store.
Happy Halloween.
(indistinct chattering)
Uh, you know,
I was, uh,
hitting a few parties
myself tonight.
(sighs)
In fact, I happen to have
a Batman costume
from last year, so
if you wanted me to,
I don't know,
put it on and-and stop by
the deli guy's party,
I could maybe stand near you
s-so you don't look stupid.
Well, if you
don't mind,
I would love to
have a Batman.
I don't mind at all.
JAVIER AND MARCUS:
Whoo!
(grunting)
BARNEY (over PA):
Okay, I'm calling the cops
about the bike!
Happy Halloween.
I need you to make me
a Batman costume,
and I need you
to watch Hope tonight.
I'm going to a party.
Can't do it.
Which one?
Neither.
I promised nine-year-old Maw Maw
I'd take her trick-or-treating.
You can make your own
Batman costume, but I used
most of the black fabric
turning an old dress
into a kitty cat costume.
Meow.
I'm ready
to go, Mommy.
Meow.
Dear Lord,
she's got it on backwards.
(laughs)
All right, sweetheart,
come with me.
Oh.
She looks
like a transvestite ninja.
Hey,
can you watch
Hope tonight?
Me-- the monster?
You want the monster
to watch your daughter?
Well, not really, no,
but, you know,
I don't have a choice, so...
I'm sorry, I've been forbidden
by her father to be
near her
on Halloween.
Besides, I got plans.
I'm going egging.
Yeah, you're
quite a grandfather.
(giggles)
I'm not cleaning this up.
(sewing machine whirring)
Are you sure you want
to leave her with us?
'Cause you could just, say,
drop her at the fire station.
What, so I can go to a party?
(scoffs) I'm not going
to give my daughter away
just so I can go to a party.
You don't have
to leave her there for good.
You just have
to act like you are.
You get six hours
to change your mind.
My father left me
there when I was seven
after I called
him the "C" word.
Five and a half hours
later, he came back for me.
What kind of person would do
that just to teach you a lesson?
I'll give you a hint-- it
begins with the letter "C."
You ready to go home
yet, sweetheart?
Mommy's feet are
getting tired.
Not till my bucket's full.
(laughing)
Aah!
(growls)
(laughing)
Hurry up!
Come on, dude! Come on.
(grunts)
Damn, you were fast
when you were a little girl.
Maw Maw, no!
(grunts)
(cackling)
Happy Halloween!
* *
(indistinct chattering)
(thunder cracks)
Hey.
Oh, hey.
Oh, drink this.
Okay.
(both chuckle)
(coughs)
I decided I'm going
to have fun tonight.
I can see that.
Good.
I'm a big fan of fun.
We don't need stupid Wyatt
to have a good time, right?
We certainly do not.
We do not need
stupid Wyatt.
(laughs)
Who's watching Hope?
Oh, a couple of
good friends.
Oh.
She's-- she's in good hands.
Huh.
Yeah.
(munching)
What are you doing?
I got that food
out for the baby.
This is baby food?
What a waste.
This is delicioso.
It's like meat pudding.
Great, Javier, you ate
all the baby food.
What are we going
to feed the baby?
Give her
some chips.
(cooing)
We can't give
her those chips.
They're hot pepper-flavored.
There.
I don't even know
if she has teeth.
What if she chokes on it?
Chew it up and spit it
into her mouth, baby bird style.
That's gross.
It's not gross; birds do it.
Besides, I already
lickeded it.
What difference does it make
if you chew it up?
(phone rings)
Hello.
How's it going?
JAVIER (over phone): Great.
We're feeding
the baby.
How's the party?
Oh, great.
She's really, she's really mad
at her boyfriend.
I think she's looking
to get back at him.
That's fantastic.
All right, well,
I was just checking in.
Uh, if she wakes up in the night
and she seems hungry,
there's more food
in the pantry.
Okay, if we run out of
food, we'll look there.
The pantry.
And when she goes
to bed, make sure
she has her favorite...
("White Night"
by The Postelles playing)
* I won't go,
I won't stay... *
I got to go.
* Till you give me a taste *
* I wanna feel like that *
* So I shake and you sweat *
* And we'll dance,
no, let's sing *
* Oh, no, no, no, no *
* I wanna feel like that *
* So tell me do you like that? *
* I don't think I like that *
* Well, maybe
we should stop this *
* I wish we never started *
* Oh, maybe we should go,
I wanna feel okay *
* I got a problem
and it drains my soul *
* Don't tell, nobody knows *
* I used to feel all right... *
Wyatt?
(laughs)
What are you doing here?
Surprise. Gotcha.
You didn't think
I was really gonna
stand you up on
Halloween, did you?
Yes.
(laughs)
Oh, my God,
I can't believe you're here!
Tonight's gonna
be awesome!
Y-You guys have fun, okay?
I'm gonna...
Hey.
You're with us tonight.
What do you think,
I'm gonna ditch my friend
just 'cause
my boyfriend shows up?
No, I mean, it's okay...
Oh, come on, man,
let's party.
(laughs)
* Oh, and it's a long way down
in New York City... *
Okay, we're
almost full.
This one
should do it.
And it's feet
soaking in
Jolly Rancher martini
time for Mommy.
Hi.
Trick or treat!
Where's your kid?
She's the kid.
Trick or treat!
No candy for people over 14.
This is trick-or-treating,
not panhandling.
Trust me, I understand
where you're coming from,
but I just want
to go home.
If you could maybe just give her
some raisins or maybe an apple
or something nasty one of your
kids got; you just re-candy.
Trick or treat!
(scoffs)
Mommy, can we do a trick?
You bet your batty
nine-year-old ass we can.
Uh, uh, Sabrina?
I-I think I'm
gonna take off.
(sniffing)
Hey, what's going on?
Nothing.
I'm just staring at her.
That's all.
I'm not sniffing her feet,
if that's what you're asking.
Was not doing that.
Oh, man, she's
passed out, huh?
Uh, yeah, I think so.
MAN:
Wyatt, come on, let's go!
(sighs)
Yeah, a bunch of guys
I went to high school with
want me to go to
another party.
Would you mind
keeping an eye on her?
Um...
Wait. Are you asking me
to stay here
with your passed-out girlfriend?
(chuckles)
MAN:
Hey, bat dudes?
How about you both go
to the party,
and I'll keep an eye on her?
Look...
(chuckles)
I'm asking you to stay here
with a passed-out friend.
Sabrina said you guys have
been hanging out a lot lately,
which I'm totally cool
with, by the way.
I appreciate you keeping her out
of trouble while I'm at school.
Okay. Uh, yeah.
No problem.
You're a good guy, Jerry.
(chuckles)
Uh... Jimmy.
Ah, come on, Maw Maw,
throw it high,
just like you're welcoming
Charles Lindbergh home.
(siren whoops)
(laughs)
MALE OFFICER:
What's going on?
Mommy and I are
doing a trick.
The bitch who lives here
wouldn't give us any candy.
You're not really
gonna hassle us
for pulling a prank
on Halloween, are you?
I might, seeing as
the pranksters are both adults,
this is my house,
and I'm married to the bitch.
Oh.
(glass breaking)
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Hey, hey, get back here!
All right, Maw Maw,
let's straighten out that
caddywhompus throw of yours.
We're gonna be wiping our butts
with takeout bags
for the next week,
so let's make this count!
* *
(owl hooting)
(panting)
Oh, dude, I'm telling you
for the last time, okay?
I got this.
(groans softly)
(gasps)
(grunts)
(panting)
(Sabrina giggling)
Oh, no, don't take
me in here.
I hate haunted houses.
It's my house.
It's not haunted.
My dad says it was built
on an Indian burial ground,
but now I think he just
said that so I'd hug him.
(Jimmy grunts)
(Jimmy panting,
Sabrina laughing)
(laughing)
(sighs)
Come here.
(sighing)
Whoa.
(chuckles)
That was... amazing.
(sighs) Yeah.
Where'd you learn
to kiss like that?
(chuckles)
You better not
be cheating on me, Wyatt.
Oh.
(sighs)
MARCUS:
"Dude, Javier got a booty call,
and if you remember,
"I didn't want to do this
in the first place.
"It's cool, though.
"I took Hope
to the fire station.
You've got until 6:00 a.m.
to go get her back."
What's going on?
I'm gonna lose Hope.
What do you mean,
you're gonna lose Hope?
Where is she?
She's at the fire station.
Those idiots
dropped her off there
and must have thought
I would have been home sooner.
And I've got five minutes
to get her back.
Where are my keys?!
You can't drive.
You been drinking.
You're right.
You drive.
Jimmy,
I've been egging houses
with 12-year-olds all night.
You think there's
any possible way I'm sober?
(panting)
Come on, hurry up!
I can't! I have a flat!
Don't worry. I'll get her.
Daddy's gonna make
everything okay.
(grunting)
(panting)
You got her!
Yeah.
Showed 'em my I.D.,
told them I was the grandpa.
I got there just in time.
(laughs)
Yeah, that's the stuff.
(soft growling)
So, how was the party?
I kissed her.
Get out of here!
Yeah, only she
was really drunk,
and she thought
she was kissing her boyfriend,
but apparently,
I'm a better kisser than him,
so, that's good.
BURT:
You're welcome.
You got that from your dad.
I'm an excellent
tongue kisser.
Gross.
That's weird.
What?
There's drool on the sheet,
but it's still wet.
If she was at the fire station
for the last six hours,
how is it still wet?
Maybe the roof is leaking.
Well, it's not raining,
and the ceiling is dry.
Maybe she
spit up an ice cube?
What did you do?
Okay.
(distant siren)
(siren blaring)
What's up?
We're baby-watching
the baby.
Get out of here.
I sang her to sleep
with a medley
of slow Beatles songs.
Marcus did the whistling part
of "Blackbird."
It was... beautiful.
So Jimmy's not home yet?
No.
Oh, this is gonna be good.
(air hissing)
He's coming.
He's coming! He's coming!
He's coming!
No. No, don't
take me in here.
I hate haunted houses.
What's going on?
Don't worry. I'll get her.
Daddy's gonna make
everything okay.
Yeah, that's the stuff.
You're a monster!
I'm sorry, but when
you turned 13,
you barely
hugged me anymore.
Then that damn
high five came along.
I had to do whatever I could to
feel your chest against mine.
Get out!
Fine. Be mad, but you
can't take back that hug.
That was a great hug!
(wind howling)
(crackling thunder)
(Hope crying)
It's all right.
Hey, it's just thunder.
Okay, come up.
(thunderclaps)
Wow.
Somebody's holding on tight.
A hug is a powerful thing.
It makes you feel wanted,
needed and loved,
all at the same time,
and when your kid hugs you,
well, I can see
how you get addicted.
Maybe my dad's
not a monster.
* I met a girl on Halloween *
* Well, she was lost
and I was drunk *
* And it was dark
and cold out when we left *
* And as we walked,
the rain started *
* The leaves softened
with every step *
* And all around us *
* People slept alone
with their dreams *
* Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh,
ooh-ooh, ooh *
* Ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh *
* Ooh, ooh. *
(retching)
CHILD: Happy Halloween!
Adios, Amigos.